like to lead you all in a little prayer
dear Lord may our feet be swift and our
baths be mighty may our balls be
plentiful Lord I just like to thank you
that waitress in South Bend you know who
she is she kept calling your name
this summer Tom Hanks is managing the
impossible the Rockford peaches
[Music]
[Applause]
that's not good
[Music]
let's give
[Applause]
still missing cutoff man that's
something that I would like you to work
on season
[Music]
Columbia Pictures would like to take you
out to the ballgame for an all-star
comedy
they'll pay you $75 a week we only make
30 is it very well then this would be
more wouldn't it
the manager Tom Hanks are you crying I'm
crying there's no crying in baseball
the catcher Geena Davis what do you say
we slip in the back seat you make a man
out of me once I smack you around for a
while can't we do boy
the pitcher Lori petti Pete the Scout
Jon Lovitz are you coming see how worse
is the train moves not the station and
batting cleanup Madonna what if my
uniform bursts open in my bosom come
flying out think they were men of this
country you ain't seen your bosoms
a league of their own all right God
knows we have a game don't like any of
this tell was blue
directed by Penny Marshall
[Music]